Vegan Restaurant
Video Demo: https://youtu.be/DfSc8XUBlic
Description:
In Romania a new law was passed that obliges restaurants to display in their menus all the ingredients in a recipe and their calories or nutritional values too. Based on that, I have designed this program to create a new menu for a Vegan Restaurant. The program is designed for the manager or a designated employee of the restaurant to use in order to create the new menu which shows now the ingredients and the calories of the recipe and, of course, the price too.
The user/manager will be prompted with 9 options at first: "Add recipe", "Delete recipe", "View available products", "Add new product", "Delete product", "Show some recipe's calories", "Show some recipe's price", "View menu", "Exit". The user will not only have the option of adding or deleting a recipe and view the menu, but also to add/delete some products or show some specific recipe's calories or price. This means the program can be used in the future too if the user wants to make some new changes in the menu.
By adding the recipe the user will be prompted to add the name of the recipe and the ingredients. The ingredients will be searched for in a file called "products.csv".  The user is able to view these products sorted aplhabtetically and their calories with "View available products". Also, the user can add/delete new products with "Add new product", "Delete product" options. "Add recipe" will also prompt the user for the quantity of each ingredient so that it can calculate the calories for the recipe. If an ingredient is enetered which is not from the avaialble list of products, the user will be reprompted. The recipes will be added to the „recipes.csv” file. The user will be prompted to add the price too. If the user wants to see the calories or the price of a specific recipe, "Show some recipe's calories" and „Show some recipe's price" can be used. If the recipe is not on the menu, the user will be informed. To show the menu completely, "View menu" option should be used and it will display the menu as a table format. "Exit" menu will exit the program.


